Add list of supported (GDAL) drivers (#113)
MerginMaps/docs: src/gis/supported_formats.md

# Supported Formats
<!-- reference -->

>   

Reviewer: Maybe add some intro text e.g.

When working with Mergin Maps, you can keep using standard data formats you are used to in QGIS. In general, most of the data formats that QGIS can load, can be also used in <MobileAppName />. There are however some minor differences worth highlighting.

[[toc]]

## Vector data 

| Format         | <MobileAppName /> (Android, iOS)  | QGIS (Windows, macOS, Linux)  | Note                                                                  |
|----------------|-----------------------------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| GeoPackage     | :heart_eyes:                      | :heart_eyes:                  | Collaborative editing via <GitHubRepo id="lutraconsulting/geodiff" /> |
| Shapefile      | :warning:                         | :warning:                     | Not supported by <GitHubRepo id="lutraconsulting/geodiff" />          |
| Delimited text | :warning:                         | :warning:                     | Not supported by <GitHubRepo id="lutraconsulting/geodiff" />          | 

> | Virtual layer  | :warning:                         | :warning:                     | Not supported by <GitHubRepo id="lutraconsulting/geodiff" />          |                 

Reviewer: not supported by geodiff probably won't tell much to ordinary users - how about something like "automatic resolution of edit conflicts is not supported" / "automatic merging is not supported" ? probably some better wording is needed...

| PostGIS        | :thumbsup:                        | :thumbsup:                    | Requires internet connection                                          |
| WFS            | :thumbsup:                        | :thumbsup:                    | Requires internet connection                                          |

> 

Reviewer: I would add under the table that there are plenty of other formats supported by GDAL/OGR

for full list check `ogrinfo --formats`

::: tip
Read [more](../manage/synchronisation.md) how the synchronisation in Mergin Maps works.
:::

## Raster data 

| Format         | <MobileAppName /> (Android, iOS)  | QGIS (Windows, macOS, Linux)  | Note                                |   
|----------------|-----------------------------------|-------------------------------|-------------------------------------|
| GeoTIFF        | :thumbsup:                        | :thumbsup:                    | png, jpg and webp compression       |
| JPEG           | :thumbsup:                        | :thumbsup:                    |                                     |
| PNG            | :thumbsup:                        | :thumbsup:                    |                                     |
| COG (local)    | :thumbsup:                        | :thumbsup:                    |                                     |
| MBTiles        | :thumbsup:                        | :thumbsup:                    |  png, jpg compression               |

> | MBTiles        | :thumbsup:                        | :thumbsup:                    |  local vector tiles                 |

Reviewer: why are there two mbtiles rows?

| WM(T)S         | :thumbsup:                        | :thumbsup:                    |                                     |
| XYZ tiles      | :thumbsup:                        | :thumbsup:                    | OpenStreetMap, Google Aerial, Bing. |
| ECW            | :no_entry_sign:                   | :thumbsup:                    | Proprietary license                 |
| MrSID          | :no_entry_sign:                   | :thumbsup:                    | Proprietary license                 |

> | COG (online)   | :no_entry_sign:                   | :thumbsup:                    |                                     |

Reviewer: I would remove the column for QGIS - it does not add anything if there are thumbs up everywhere :)

> 

Reviewer: I would also add a note here that more formats are supported - complete list below in section XXX

::: tip
See [our guide](./settingup_background_map.md) for setting up background layers.
:::

> ## Vector Tiles

Reviewer: Tiles -> tiles ?

> We support vector tiles in MBTiles container (local usage) or as online service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support vector tiles just like QGIS does - in Mapbox Vector Tiles (MVT) format - and stored either in a MBTiles file (for offline use) or through a template URL (for online service) such as `http://example.com/{z}/{x}/{y}.pbf`. 
```

    XYZ -raster- (rwv): ASCII Gridded XYZ
    HF2 -raster- (rwv): HF2/HFZ heightfield raster
    OZI -raster- (rov): OziExplorer Image File
    CTG -raster- (rov): USGS LULC Composite Theme Grid
    E00GRID -raster- (rov): Arc/Info Export E00 GRID
    ZMap -raster- (rwv): ZMap Plus Grid
    NGSGEOID -raster- (rov): NOAA NGS Geoid Height Grids
    IRIS -raster- (rov): IRIS data (.PPI, .CAPPi etc)
    PRF -raster- (rov): Racurs PHOTOMOD PRF
    SIGDEM -raster- (rwv): Scaled Integer Gridded DEM .sigdem
    GPKG -raster,vector- (rw+vs): GeoPackage
    CAD -raster,vector- (rovs): AutoCAD Driver
    GenBin -raster- (rov): Generic Binary (.hdr Labelled)
    ENVI -raster- (rw+v): ENVI .hdr Labelled
    EHdr -raster- (rw+v): ESRI .hdr Labelled
    ISCE -raster- (rw+v): ISCE raster
```

## How to convert between GDAL formats

To convert between various GDAL formats, you can use [gdal_translate](https://gdal.org/programs/gdal_translate.html) command-line utility.

## Support for new formats

If you find out that the <MobileAppName /> doesn't support your format, please open issue at <GitHubRepo id="lutraconsulting/input-sdk" />.

> If QGIS on desktop does not support, open issue at <GitHubRepo id="qgis/QGIS-Mac-Packager" /> for macOS, or <GitHubRepo id="qgis/QGIS" /> for other platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If QGIS on desktop does not support the format of your choice, open issue at <GitHubRepo id="qgis/QGIS-Mac-Packager" /> for macOS, or <GitHubRepo id="qgis/QGIS" /> for other platforms.
```
